Fantom CMS Problems Tracker
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Issue 1:  Serialized Code
Desc:     Currently, there are no checks in place to ensure that serialized code is being input correctly. This includes code
            that is manually entered by the user. If this code has errors, no error message will be displayed, and the 
            functionality of the program will be erratic.
Sol:      We could implement checks when the information is read. A major goal in the future of this project is to create a
            WYSIWYG editor, which will remove the user from the position of manually entering serialized data, and as such 
            reduce the possibility of creating errors.

Issue 2:  Database Storage
Desc:     Currently, there are no checks in place to ensure that information stored in the database is being stored/retrieved
            correctly. If the information stored in the database is corrupted, or not as expected by the program, functionality
            will be erratic.
Sol:      We need to implement checks when information is retrieved from the database.

Issue 3:  Database Connection
Desc:     If the server's communication to the database is cutoff, the server will stop functioning until restarted.
Sol:      We need to implement keepalives with the database and have a connection re-established if required.

Issue 4:  Gallery Lightboxes
Desc:     Lightboxes/Sliders occasionally do not fully load in time for the box to appear, and as such cause the box to pop 
            up as a small rectangle. This is due to the fact that images are loaded from the database/server to the page in 
            the background by an AJAX call, and if they are not loaded in time for the page to determine the size of the 
            image, it will default to a size of (0,0). If the image is clicked on again, it will open properly.
Sol:      Find out how to "preload" images, or implement JS onComplete events.

Issue 5:  Home Button
Desc:     Currently, the "Home" button is displayed improperly.
Sol:      Resize the "Home" button, or implement an Image object that allows for Resize functionality.

Issue 6:  Database Authentication
Desc:     Currently, access to the database is established using no username/password. Preliminary username/password
            access is supported, but untested.
Sol:      Test/implement database authentication.

Issue 7:  Gallery Page
Desc:     Occasioanlly, navigating to the Gallery app, leaving, and then returning will cause the gallery app to not correctly
            redisplay the files. This is likely due to a bug with the implementation of relayout.
Sol:      Find which method is not correctly calling relayout, and modify it to call the method as required.
